yes you wake up at 5:00 a.m. everyday
skip meetings and chat with strangers
instead you take ice baths and walk to
work even though you have a car your
friends may call you weird but you just
know how to live like the rich Jeff
Bezos the wealthiest person on the
planet runs his business based on the to
pizza rule every meeting Amazon
schedules should have no more people
than two pizzas can feed makes sense
when you think about it a meeting with
too many people can't be as productive
because a lot of great ideas can be
missed in a big crowd but entrepreneur
Mark Cuban can't stand meetings he
thinks they're just a waste of time
since most of the people present end up
talking about everything but business
instead of meetings and conference calls
he prefers email this is much faster and
you can always look through previous
emails if you forget something
Mark Zuckerberg has an unusual way of
interviewing potential employees the
Facebook founder meets with the
candidates in the office and then takes
them for a walk while discussing
technology together seems a little
bizarre but it's probably better to get
out in the fresh air then stay stuck in
an office talking about where you see
yourself in five years
billionaires can delegate tasks to
allocate their time and resources but
Larry Page wouldn't agree the Google
co-founder believes that if a person is
good at something they shouldn't pass
this task over to someone else or maybe
you need more practice with this kind of
job then do-it-yourself pages sure it
helps people improve their skills being
rich you can also eat the most delicious
world delicacies but not all successful
people do it they even limit their food
intake Steve Jobs ate only fruit and
carrots for a long time because he was
sure it was good for his health Jack
Dorsey CEO of Twitter and square
eats seven meals a week yes that's just
one a day he also takes ice baths and
walks to work he does all of that to
improve his brain function in
food restriction helps him concentrate
better at business and a daily walk of
several miles keeps him in shape also he
meditates two hours everyday and does
seven-minute body exercises instead of
going to a gym truly successful people
don't try to look rich
they don't even wear expensive designer
labels like many people do in fact if
someone's trying to look the part to
impress others they probably aren't even
that rich
for example Mark Zuckerberg wears very
simple t-shirts and jeans every day if
you met him on the street you wouldn't
even think he's one of the wealthiest
people on earth this simple approach
helps Zuckerberg stay focused on
important things and not waste precious
time on choosing what to wear Steve Jobs
was a fan of a simple outfit - we all
remember his black turtlenecks in plain
old jeans he also didn't want to waste
his time choosing clothes by the way
rich and successful people are quite
confident so they don't need to show off
or prove something to others by wearing
name-brand clothes IKEA founder Ingvar
Kamprad always live modestly despite the
billions he made he always flew an
economy class and stayed in budget
hotels Kamprad drove a 1993 Volvo for
years he thought spending money was a
bad habit we've all gotten the cliche
advice to plan your day and make an
agenda
well Elon Musk plans his work scheduled
in five minute blocks of course it helps
him keep track of important tasks but
it's also psychologically more effective
when you write all your goals for the
whole day week month or even year it can
easily get overwhelming and too vague
short five minute blocks seem more
realistic and achievable to the brain
when it comes to work space most of us
are either a Martha Stewart or an Albert
Einstein Stewart made a rule for her
office that every employees desk must be
immaculate at the end of each day and no
one is allowed to have any personal
items like coffee mugs or photos
Einstein famously said if a cluttered
desk is a sign of a cluttered mind
then what's an empty desk assigned up
I'll let you decide that one hobbies are
always recommended and for famous banker
David Rockefeller it was in sex over his
life he amassed a huge collection of
over 150 thousand beetles he'd always
carry a jar to put any unusual bugs he
happened to come by in his travels he
met a lot of interesting people and felt
better about life thanks to his favorite
pastime if a stranger in the street
flashed you a smile and started talking
to you you might think it was weird or
maybe even scary but big-time investor
Haley diver smiles back and takes up
conversation with strangers every day it
helps her stay positive and energetic
diver says she often has stressful days
and it's too easy to get lost in your
own thoughts but chatting with her uber
driver or someone in the elevator allows
her to see her problems from a fresh
angle New York Times bestselling author
Jonathan Franzen came up with his own
unique way to focus on work he works in
a soundproof studio pulls down the
blinds on the windows put in earplugs
turns the light off and puts on a
blindfold
once he shut out all visual and auditory
distractions the ideas start flowing and
he can write business tycoon warren
buffett who is worth 74 billion dollars
and holds the number-4 spot on the
Forbes list spends about 80% of his day
reading books
he said reading helps him think clearly
and stay focused he made a lot of his
incredibly successful financial
decisions thanks to the books he's read
Richard Branson billionaire and founder
of the Virgin Group starts his day at
5:00 a.m. he works out meditates and
just gets his body and brain ready for
the day ahead many successful people
believe that the way you meet the
morning is how you'll spend the whole
day by the way Richard Branson's
favorite sport is kite surfing
he loves it for the feeling of freedom
exhilaration and one
with nature Oracle founder Larry Ellison
spends his free time getting his
adrenaline pumping he rides mountain
bikes serves and loves extreme sports
billionaires see a lot of interesting
things in the world so it's hard to
surprise them this is an excellent way
to feel something new prolific Japanese
inventor Yoshi ro Nakamatsu has created
more than 3000 inventions said that all
great ideas come to his mind during
extreme stress so he grabs a waterproof
notebook and pen his own creations of
course dives down to the bottom of his
pool sits there and waits for a new idea
to strike he won't come up until he
thinks of a great invention he also
believes that the coolest ideas come in
a gold room without nails or iron
objects hence why he transformed his
bathroom into the perfect thinking room
yeah I think the bathroom is a place
where you could be flush with ideas